Updating broken links for OCP ROSA (#2264)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise_versioned_docs/version-3.21-2/getting-started/install-on-clusters/openshift/rosa.mdx

### Create roles, policies

> - Create the account wide STS roles and policies needed to create a ROSA with HCP cluster by following the [Red Hat documentation](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_on_aws/4/html/install_clusters/rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly#rosa-hcp-creating-vpc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create the account wide STS roles and policies needed to create a ROSA with HCP cluster by following the [Red Hat documentation](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_on_aws/4/html/install_clusters/rosa-hcp-cluster-no-cni#rosa-sts-creating-account-wide-sts-roles-and-policies_rosa-hcp-cluster-no-cni).
```

> - Create the [OpenID Connect (OIDC) configuration](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_on_aws/4/html/install_rosa_with_hcp_clusters/rosa-hcp-cluster-no-cli#rosa-sts-byo-oidc_rosa-hcp-cluster-no-cni) prior to creating the ROSA with HCP cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create the [OpenID Connect (OIDC) configuration](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_on_aws/4/html/install_clusters/rosa-hcp-cluster-no-cni#rosa-sts-byo-oidc_rosa-hcp-cluster-no-cni) prior to creating the ROSA with HCP cluster.
```
